Q. What makes Proxool so different from all the other database pools out there.

A. Proxool makes it very easy to add pooling to your existing driver. It is very
    easy to configure and also gives some useful features like tracing of database
    calls, performance reporting and real time statistical reporting. It adheres
    closely to standards (full J2EE compliance is coming soon).

Q. When I run Ant I get an error:

    "The <checkstyle> task doesn't support the nested "property" element."

A. Checkstyle changed the way it is configured between versions 2.2 and 
    2.4. You need to use 2.4 or later (not sure about 2.3). Proxool
    includes checkstyle in the lib directory but if you have an older
    version of checkstyle somewhere on your classpath (for instance, in
    Ant's own lib directory) then you might have problems. Suggested
    work around: get rid of the old version of checkstyle (if that
    doesn't break anything else); edit the build.xml so it works
    with the old format.

Q. Why is all the logging done to stdout.

A.. This is the default behaviour for the logging system. We use Jakarta's
    Commons' Logging component. If you want it to do anything other than
    log to stdout then you need to configure it.

Q. I am using the Xyz JDBC Driver and I'm asking the Connection for a
    Statement and then trying to cast it into XyzStatement, but I get a
    ClassCastException.

A. When you ask Proxool for a Statement it gives you a ProxoolStatement
    and that asks (delegates) to the one provided by your Xyz driver so
    casting it just isn't going to work. There are two options:

    1. Consider not using driver specific code. It might be that there is another
    way of doing what you're trying to do. It might be worthwhile making a little
    extra effort to solve it using standard JDBC calls.

    2. If you really have to make driver specific calls then you can use
    ProxoolFacade#getDelegateStatement(Statement statement) to get the
    original one.

Q. I'm running Intellij IDEA and I get an error when I try to build the javadoc
    using Ant.

A. Intellij started shipping there own JRE just before they released version 3.0.
    This JRE includes javac but not javadoc. The solution is to copy javadoc from
    a full JDK (preferably a similar version to the one shipped with IDEA) into
    the JRE's bin directory.

Q. When I run the tests I get an SQLException: "The database is already in use by
    another process".

A. This is a message from Hypersonic, the Java database we use for testing. It
    could either mean you are running two instances of the test or that you don't
    have permission to create the database on the file system (Hypersonic will
    try and save files to the Proxool directory).